Add boardsource/lulu RP2040 support (#18200)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/boardsource/lulu/readme.md

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make boardsource/lulu/rp2040:default
    make boardsource/lulu/avr:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make boardsource/lulu/rp2040:default:flash
    make boardsource/lulu/avr:default:flash

Compile `rp2040` firmware if you purchased PCB in lulu group buy (integrated microcontroller).
Compile `avr` firmware if your PCB uses a drop-in microcontroller like Pro Micro.

> Reset keyboard by holding down top left key while you plug in the usb cable. Or by pushing the reset switch on the pcb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter bootloader by holding down the upper outer key while you plug in the usb cable, or by pushing the reset switch on the pcb.
```
